Clarify configuration when using podman machine (#2402)
containers/common: docs/containers.conf.5.md

container images.
* `policy.conf` for controlling which images can be pulled to the system.

Note: If Podman is running in a virtual machine using `podman machine` (this

> includes Mac and Windows hosts), ensure that you add the configuration in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
includes Mac and Windows hosts), ensure that you edit the configuration files in the
```

> includes Mac and Windows hosts), ensure that you edit the configuration files in the

Reviewer 2: Nit: avoid using "you" in man pages.  In this case the you brings no value.
`ensure that the configuration files are edited in the`

The `network` table contains settings pertaining to the management of CNI
plugins.

Note: If Podman is running in a virtual machine using `podman machine` (this
includes Mac and Windows hosts), ensure that you add the configuration in the

> virtual machine by using `podman machine ssh`.

Reviewer 3: Note this does not only effect network settings, almost all option from this file must be set server side (in the machine). Notable exceptions are [machine], [farms], [engine.service_destinations], compose_providers, compose_warning_logs, and the remote option and likely more we don't even know about.

So I think this should likely be reworded and put as part of the main description. (Overall we as a team are currently trying to figure out how this whole situation can be improved)

Author: I'm not sure how to rephrase this to ensure that the information isn't overlooked. My thought was that including such a note directly within the configuration type would make sense.

Author: How should we move forward with this change?

Author: Is there any update on this topic? What is preventing us from moving forward with merging this change?

Reviewer 3: I don't have a good answer, IMO putting it just under network might also be confusing for others because it affects most options.

Author: I attempted to relocate the information to a different location within the documentation. What are your thoughts on this approach?
